1.
WAP to find the length & breadth of a rectangle.

2.
WAP to swap two variables with and without using third variable.

3.
WAP to find the reverse of a 4 digit number.

4.
WAP to find the sum of the digits of a 4 digit number.

5.
If a five-digit number is input through the keyboard, write a program to print a new number by adding one to each of its digits.
For example, if the number that is input is 12391 then the output should be displayed as 23402.

6.
WAP to find whether the year is leap or not (Do this with conditional operators).

7.
WAP to find the reverse of a 4 digit number and compare it to the original number.

8.
If the ages of A, B and C are input through the keyboard, write a program to determine the youngest of the three.

9.
Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100.
But for multiples of three print “Fizz” instead of the number and for the multiples of five print “Buzz”.
For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print “FizzBuzz”.

10.
WAP to find whether the entered number is Armstrong or not.

11.
WAP to find whether the entered number is prime or not.

12.
WAP to find the factorial value of any number.

13.
Two numbers are entered through the keyboard.
WAP to find the value of one number raised to the power of another.

14.
WAP to print all the ASCII values and their equivalent characters using a while loop.
The ASCII values vary from 0 to 255.

15.
WAP to print all the Armstrong numbers between 1 and 500.

16.
WAP to enter numbers till the user wants.
At the end, it should display the count of positive, negative, and zeros entered.

17.
WAP to find the range of a set of numbers.
Range is the difference between the smallest and the biggest number in the list.

18.
WAP to print all the prime numbers from 1 to 300.

19.
WAP to fill the entire screen with a smiling face.
(The smiling face has an ASCII value 1.)

20.
WAP to generate all combinations of 1, 2 and 3.

21.
WAP to print the multiplication table of the number entered by the user.

22.
Pyramid programs with stars, numbers and alphabets.

23.
Swap the value of two variables using call by value & by reference.

24.
Factorial, Prime Number, Armstrong number, Fibonacci (first 25 numbers),
Sum of digits, Reverse a number, Binary equivalent of a number,
Sum of first 25 natural numbers, Prime factors using recursive and non-recursive functions.

25.
WAP to find the maximum number in an array.

26.
WAP that interchanges the odd and even elements of an array.

27.
WAP to find out in a[25] how many are positive, how many are negative, how many are even and how many odd.

28.
WAP to find if the number to be searched is present in the array and if yes, then display the number of times it appears.

29.
WAP to accept only the unique elements in an array.

30.
WAP to move the -ve elements on one side and +ve on the other side without using a third array, and order should be same.

31.
WAP using pointers to find the smallest number in an array of 25 integers.

32.
Implement the Selection Sort, Bubble Sort and Insertion Sort.

33.
Linear Search and Binary Search.

34.
WAP to pick up the largest number from any 5x5 matrix.

35.
WAP to obtain transpose of a 4x4 matrix.
The transpose of a matrix is obtained by exchanging the elements of each row with the elements of the corresponding column.

36.
WAP to add two 6x6 matrices.

37.
WAP to multiply any two 3x3 matrices.

38.
Write your own substring function in C.

39.
WAP to reverse a string.

40.
WAP to check whether the entered string is palindrome or not.

41.
WAP to sort a set of names stored in an array in alphabetical order.

42.
WAP to delete all vowels from a sentence.
Assume that the sentence is not more than 80 chars long.

43.
WAP that will read a line and delete from it all the occurrences of the word 'the'.

44.
WAP that will read a line and replace all spaces with "0x20".

45.
WAP that takes a set of names of individuals and abbreviates the first, middle, and other names except the last name by their first letter.

46.
WAP which reverses every word in the string.

47.
WAP to sort all the elements of a 4x4 matrix.

48.
WAP to count the number of times every character occurs in the string.

49.
WAP that converts all lowercase characters in a given string to their equivalent uppercase characters.

50.
WAP that replaces two or more consecutive blanks in a string by a single blank.

51.
Write a program that uses an array of pointers to strings str[ ].
Receive two strings str1 and str2 and check if str1 is embedded in any of the strings in str[ ].
If str1 is found, then replace it with str2.
char *str[ ] = {
    "We will teach you how to...",
    "Move a mountain",
    "Level a building",
    "Erase the past",
    "Make a million",
    "...all through C!"
};

For example, if str1 contains "mountain" and str2 contains "car",
then the second string in str should get changed to "Move a car".

52.
Write a program to reverse the strings stored in the following array of pointers to strings:
char *s[ ] = {
    "To err is human...",
    "But to really mess things up...",
    "One needs to know C!!"
};


53.
Write a program to count the number of occurrences of any two vowels in succession in a line of text.
For example, in the sentence
“Pleases read this application and give me gratuity” such occurrences are ea, ea, ui.
